This directory contain all scripts for the "0x02. C - Functions, nested loops" project. The project contains the following tasks:

MANDATORY TASKS

0. _putchar: Write a program that prints _putchar, followed by a new line.

- The program should return 0

1. I sometimes suffer from insomnia. And when I can't fall asleep, I play what I call the alphabet game:

Write a function that prints the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line.

- Prototype: void print_alphabet(void);
- You can only use _putchar twice in your code

2. 10 x alphabet: Write a function that prints 10 times the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line.
- Prototype: void print_alphabet_x10(void);
- You can only use _putchar twice in your code

3. islower: Write a function that checks for lowercase character.
- Prototype: int _islower(int c);
- Returns 1 if c is lowercase
- Returns 0 otherwise
FYI: The standard library provides a similar function: islower. Run man islower to learn more.

4. isalpha: Write a function that checks for alphabetic character.
- Prototype: int _isalpha(int c);
- Returns 1 if c is a letter, lowercase or uppercase
- Returns 0 otherwise
FYI: The standard library provides a similar function: isalpha. Run man isalpha to learn more.

5. Sign: Write a function that prints the sign of a number.

6. Write a function that computes the absolute value of an integer

7. Write a function that prints the last digit of a number.

8. Write a function that prints every minute of the day of Jack Bauer, starting from 00:00 to 23:59.

9. Write a function that prints the 9 times table, starting with 0.

10. Write a function that adds two integers and returns the result.

11. Write a function that prints all natural numbers from n to 98, followed by a new line.

12. The World looks like a multiplication-table, or a mathematical equation, which, turn it how you will, balances itself

13. If we list all the natural numbers below 10 that are multiples of 3 or 5, we get 3, 5, 6 and 9. The sum of these multiples is 23. Write a program that computes and prints the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below 1024 (excluded), followed by a new line.

14. Write a program that prints the first 50 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line.

15. Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be: 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89. By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed 4,000,000, write a program that finds and prints the sum of the even-valued terms, followed by a new line.

16. Write a program that finds and prints the first 98 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line.
